Understanding React Project
    React folder usually comes with :
        01. node_modules - It contains installed dependencies  (dependencies which is available in package.json)
        02. public - It contains media files and static assets (favicons, fonts, logos, etc.) that are used in the <head> of the HTML document or accessed directly via URL and also index.html
            favicon.ico     - favicon for webapp
            index.html      - It is main page that load. That is why react is called SPA(Single Page Application)
            logo192.png     - logo
            logo512.png     - logo
            manifest.json   - Use for mobile device, when we use webapp on mobile so metatags are reffered from here at that time
            robot.txt       - for search engine
        03. src (source folder) - This is the place where we actually work i.e. we will be in src folder 100% of out time to work
            it contains (by default) :
            App.css             -   can either KEEP or DELETE (Contains styles for the App.js component.)
            App.js              -   KEEP (The main component of your React app. All your UI and logic starts from here.)
            App.test.js         -   DELETE  (We will talk about it later. Contains a test case for the App component using Jest.)
            index.css           -   can either KEEP or DELETE (Global styles that apply across the app (like fonts, resets, background))
            index.js            -   KEEP (Entry point of your React app. It renders the App.js component into the root HTML (index.html).)
            logo.svg            -   DELETE react logo (not need as of now.) (The React logo used in the default app.)
            reportWebVitals.js  -   DELETE (Optional tool for measuring app performance (like load time). NOT need for beginners)
            setupTests.js       -   DELETE (Used to configure test environment (Jest, React Testing Library).)
        04. .gitignore - it contains file/folder that we dont want to push to git
        05. package-lock.json - It is package.json but here dependencies get locked (dependencies ka stable version yaha hota he iske baare me detail me baad me dekhenge)
        06. package.json - It lists the project's dependencies, scripts, and info. It’s like your project’s settings file.
        07. README.md - we already saw


    package.json explaination : 
        1. First open package.json and read name, version, and dependencies.
            react and react-dom → These are the main libraries used in a React project.
            web-vitals → Used to check and track the performance of the application.
            Other than that there are testing libraries like jest-dom.
        2. look for scripts (these scripts are responsible to run project and ready it for production) In scripts there are,
            1. start - It is use to run scripts at development environment
            2. build - when our application goes to production it behaves differently because we know browser only code in forms of HTML, CSS and Js but when when we sent react code to browser, it doesn't understand code in react, so to handle that situation build is there
            3. test - use to run test cases
            4. eject - ejction from react
        3. eslintConfig (when in code red or yellow lines come in code to write our code better, for that thing linting is used)
        4. browserlist (use to tell on which browser it will work or on whcih browser it won't )
            production - in production there is a list of browser in which it run and in which it doesn't and if doesn't then do Additional things
            development - support of development in last last one version of chrome, safari and firefox


    Explaination for README.md file : 
    Every project comes with README.md file. It is recommended that to update README with every project
        It contains documentation for project 
        1. Project Title - Clear name for project
        2. Description - A short explaination about what this project does
        3. Screenshot (optional) - Images/Gifs to visually showcase the app
        4. Installation instruction - How to install and run project locally
                                        git clone https://github.com/yourname/project-name.git
                                        cd project-name
                                        npm install
                                        npm start
        5. Technologies used - List of key tools and libraries
        6. Features - Brief overview of what the app can documentation
        7. Usage - Examples or instruction on how to use the app
        8. Contributing - Guidelines if others wants to contribute
        9. License - The license for the project (e.g. MIT, Apache 2.0)